HTML
What are tags and attributes in HTML?
What are void elements in HTML?
What is the advantage of collapsing white space?
What are HTML Entities?
What are different types of lists in HTML?
What is the ‘class’ attribute in HTML?
What is the difference between the ‘id’ attribute and the ‘class’ attribute of HTML elements?
Describe HTML layout structure
How to optimize website assets loading?
What are the various formatting tags in HTML?
What are the different kinds of Doctypes available?
Please explain how to indicate the character set being used by a document in HTML?
What is the difference between <strong>, <b> tags and <em>, <i> tags?
What is the significance of <head> and <body> tag in HTML?
Can we display a web page inside a web page or Is nesting of webpages possible?
How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing?
How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an HTML table?
Is it possible to change an inline element into a block level element?
In how many ways can we position an HTML element? Or what are the permissible values of the position attribute?
In how many ways you can display HTML elements?
What is the difference between “display: none” and “visibility: hidden”, when used as attributes to the HTML element.
How to specify the link in HTML and explain the target attribute?
In how many ways can we specify the CSS styles for the HTML element?
Difference between link tag <link> and anchor tag <a>?
How to include javascript code in HTML?
When to use scripts in the head and when to use scripts in the body?
What are forms and how to create forms in HTML?
How to handle events in HTML?
CSS
What is the Box model in CSS? Which CSS properties are a part of it?
What are the advantages of using CSS?
What are the limitations of CSS?
How to include CSS in the webpage?
What are the different types of Selectors in CSS?
What is a CSS Preprocessor? What are Sass, Less, and Stylus? Why do people use them?
What is VH/VW (viewport height/ viewport width) in CSS?
Difference between reset vs normalize CSS?. How do they differ?
What is the difference between inline, inline-block, and block?
Is it important to test the webpage in different browsers?
What are Pseudo elements and Pseudo classes?
How do you specify units in the CSS?. What are the different ways to do it?
Does margin-top or margin-bottom have an effect on inline elements?
What property is used for changing the font face?
What are the differences between adaptive design and responsive design?
How are the CSS selectors matched against the elements by the browser?
How is border-box different from content-box?
How is opacity specified in CSS3?
Why should we use float property in CSS?
What is a z-index, how does it function?
What do the following CSS selectors mean?
What are the properties of flexbox?
What is cascading in CSS?
Javascript
What are the possible ways to create objects in JavaScript
What is a prototype chain
What is the difference between Call, Apply and Bind
What is JSON and its common operations
What is the purpose of the array slice method
What is the purpose of the array splice method
What is the difference between slice and splice
How do you compare an Object with a Map
What is the difference between == and === operators
What are lambda expression or arrow functions
What is a first class function
What is a first order function
What is a higher order function
What is a unary function
What is the currying function
What is a pure function
What is the purpose of the let keyword
What is the difference between let and var
What is the reason to choose the name let as a keyword
How do you redeclare variables in switch block without an error
What is the Temporal Dead Zone
What is IIFE(Immediately Invoked Function Expression)
How do you decode or encode a URL in JavaScript?
What is memoization
What is Hoisting
What are classes in ES6
What are closures
What are modules
Why do you need modules
What is scope in javascript
What are the differences between cookie, local storage and session storage
What is the main difference between localStorage and sessionStorage
What is a promise
Why do you need a promise
What are the three states of promise
What is a callback function
Why do we need callbacks
What is a callback hell
What are the main rules of promise
What is callback in callback
What is promise chaining
What is promise.all
What is the purpose of the race method in promise
What is a strict mode in javascript
Why do you need strict mode
How do you declare strict mode
What is the purpose of double exclamation
What is the purpose of the delete operator
What is typeof operator
What is undefined property
What is null value
What is the difference between null and undefined
What is eval
What is the difference between window and document
What is isNaN
What are the differences between undeclared and undefined variables
What are global variables
What are the problems with global variables
What is NaN property
What is the purpose of isFinite function
What is an event flow
What is event bubbling
What is event capturing
What are the pros and cons of promises over callbacks
What is the use of preventDefault method
What is the use of stopPropagation method
What is the use of setTimeout
What is the use of setInterval
Why is JavaScript treated as Single threaded
What is an event delegation
What is ECMAScript
What is JSON
What is the purpose of clearTimeout method
What is the purpose of clearInterval method
How do you check whether a string contains a substring
How do you check if a key exists in an object
How do you loop through or enumerate javascript object
How do you test for an empty object
What is an arguments object
How do you convert the first letter of a string to uppercase
What are the pros and cons of for loop
How do you display the current date in javascript
How do you compare two date objects
How do you check if a string starts with another string
How do you trim a string in javascript
How do you add a key value pair in javascript
Is the '!--' notation represents a special operator
How do you assign default values to variables
How do you define multiline strings
What is a polyfill
What is a rest parameter
What is a spread operator
What is an event loop
What is call stack
What is an event queue
What is an Unary operator
How do you reversing an array
How do you find min and max value in an array
How do you find min and max values without Math functions
What are the differences between javascript and typescript
What are the advantages of typescript over javascript
What is an enum
How do you extend classes
What is ES6
List down some of the features of ES6
Can I redeclare let and const variables
Is const variable makes the value immutable
What are template literals
Object destructuring
How do you convert character to ASCII code
What is the difference between Shallow and Deep copy
What is an async function
What are the differences between spread operator and rest parameter
What is debouncing?
What is throttling?
What is pass by value and pass by reference?
What are the differences between primitives and non-primitives?
What are the differences between pure and impure functions?
What is the difference between map and forEach functions?